Adding destination rules part to the tip section in "bookinfo" page (#9230)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/examples/bookinfo/index.md

{{< tip >}}
If you installed Istio using the [Getting Started](/docs/setup/getting-started/)
instructions, you already have Bookinfo installed and you can skip most of these steps

> and go direct to [Apply Default Destination Rules](/docs/examples/bookinfo/#apply-default-destination-rules)
> part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and go directly to [Apply Default Destination Rules](/docs/examples/bookinfo/#apply-default-destination-rules).
```
